you're dismissed
[Music]
well welcome to task to trust you'll had
a good night's sleep I would like to
remind you as we engage in today's task
that one of you will be leaving after
this so please take this seriously as if
your life depends upon it because it
does today we're very fortunate we've
got precious andouille here from
discovery in short who are our sponsors
for the task and she's going to be
taking you through what you need to be
doing later - the task is very simple
discovery sure is a company that is
known for innovation so our question is
what is the next big game-changer in the
insurance value chain so today you will
be split into two teams and we will take
you to the discovery offices where you
will meet with a broker and insurer and
a reinsurer
and they will give you insights into
their role in the insurance value chain
you will also go to a panel beta who'll
take you through to what they do and
then your task is to say what is the
next big destructor in the value chain
it's a simple task but it does need to
be innovative it can be an improvement
on an already existing innovation it
must be implementable and lastly but
certainly most importantly it must add
value to the client and once we want at
the end is that you need to produce a
business plan we are you have anything
to add
good morning apprentices I think while
you are out on your own your field trip
is quite important that you listen very
carefully be very observant and ask
questions to get the relevant
information at each touch point and my
other advice is that you manage your
time well and really get that executive
summary right good luck
right so the two teams today team one is
Cabello police' Lisa mutata and team two
is Nick
Keith sapelo and Kurt so I'd like you to
go away come up with some team names and
what we're going to do differently is
you're going to choose a leader in each
team now I must stress how important
that role is it's important that you get
it right it's a there's a great deal of
responsibility attached to being the
leader that's all you're dismissed
[Music]
yesterday's gone today's a new day the
good that I did yesterday or the day
that I did will not impact today fast
food is for me a way to redeem myself
from task one
basically we started off here and from
here we went to the discovery offices
just from our site a very very big
welcome I'll be doing the presentation
from an insurer point of view I've lived
through some of these innovation cycles
you know in Discovery and specifically
what are the kind of the key things that
we continue to watch from a values point
of view from changing behavior when it
comes to incentivizing people and why is
innovation we believe critical you know
if we want to continue to you to stay
cutting-edge I'm here to talk to you
this morning about the importance of the
insurance broker in the short-term
insurance value chain so hope you know
how the market is changing at the moment
they had three presentations from
Discovery Shore as the insurer in the
value chain from Kyle carpenter as the
reinsurer
as well as from a on as as the Brooklyn
and basically these three parties
introduced their role in the insurance
value chain what value do they add what
do they think is changing the industry
what type of innovations do they think
you know is set to destruct
at least what are the challenges so that
the contestants can understand what
value they can add which is what the
task is about we believe that as a raft
of innovation is innovation that is that
creates a new market and value network
and eventually disrupt existing market
players and value networks the leeches
that we attended was to show you the
whole value chain of the market being
the reinsurer they sure and were able to
now pick from that value chain we would
have liked to improve and give an
innovative product within the value
chain contextualize the role of
reinsurance in what you need to do
helped quite a lot because we were able
to get more information
understand the industry as well from the
burger to the reinsurer to the
so it was nice to see the third element
with the perspective that they gave us
were quite intriguing I mean we're
thinking out of the box say okay so this
is where everyone fits in weird maybe an
information overload because it was so
much like Oh cheap underwear I slowed
down and taking notes and just listened
in serenity presentation that they gave
us we don't want to replicate what some
there in the market that's not our job
our job is to deliver advice and
expertise to our clients can you use
things like augmented reality that when
someone goes through a sales process
they can understand your product better
Discovery's quite innovative so they're
really on the forefront so they try
think even further forward so we're just
trying to think almost ahead of them
[Music]
so from there we went onto a panel
beater which obviously is another
crucial element of the value chain so I
mean as as insurance providers we really
sell a promise and the panel beta is
part of that game's promise all right
good afternoon guys and thank you so
much for joining us today at renewed
Rivonia so what I like to do today is to
give you some introduction into what we
actually do at an auto body repair I
importantly we interact with our clients
which are actually your clients at the
end of the day out of all the lectures
that we went through today I think the
one thing that was very very new to me
was the visit at the panel beaters we -
your biggest frustration say the clients
frustration in terms of in terms I
turned around I've never stepped into
one of those places except for maybe to
drop off my car which was generally
outside someone else takes it inside
so having cited that in understanding
how things actually work was was
actually new to me and I'm going to take
you through this stage by stage repeat
process it's been a very challenging
take as tom has been of the absolute
essence he spends a good amount of time
at Discovery's office itself and
something we've been collaborating and
coming up with some new ideas accident
happens
couples information on their database
with the excellent information transfers
are through to the panel beaters panels
from OEM we get the pricing the
quotation for the repair it so the
pre-cut and we can estimate firstly
whether the car is economical to repair
not economically because the insurer has
in their database the market ratty
overhaul we even send it to the panel
beach which is geographically most
convenient given the clients escovitch
the xin di zhi crazy works
no seeing to the actual insurer to say
you know this individual has canceled
cover and then it also goes back to the
finance have to say that the vehicle
that you are actually financing it's off
the books
Goodman's already and it's quite
difficult because often the things you
think about you think about that natori
we've been done and you know like how
can you really change things just not
download one discovery and get your
sleep and get all the other safety
features and then also you'll be you'll
be driving on the app and then it'll say
to you or you've gone ten thousand caves
you should consider it a yeah yes which
the average man on the street I don't
even know when to rotate my guide told
you that you speeding
today gift of appointed leader and that
leader carries the risk for the world
team practically so we discussed and was
comfortable with the task kids volunteer
to okay I'll do the tasks we initially
picked chief as a leader and he was
humbled enough to step down and pass the
reins through to record because he feels
Curtis I'm gonna drive this more it was
tactical from a sense of winning the
toss I just generally believe it Kurt
showed of the the best passion in this
regard and I felt like I was holding him
back I can't speak for his his
motivation and is what it is I think
without effective leadership you
wouldn't have got to the point that we
did and I think as a responsible team in
the summer yet to pick up the slack and
I chose to do that
locking it to a CEO who would look at
his company to say well I may not be the
best analyst for this particular job
therefore I'm gonna put this person in
charge of a toss that we have in order
to get the best possible outcome I'm
still the CEO over the length of the
competition but for this particular task
I've put the rock dust and the ROTC to
do their job
[Music]
we've been very organized
it was interesting from our side because
we had to be clear on who's going to be
the leader we were able to do that
fairly quickly which then allowed us to
focus on the contents of the innovation
product itself the leader we picked was
a Matata he stepped up to the plate and
he's he volunteered to be the leader so
we gave it to obviously the insurance
industry is dominated by men and women
do tend to kind of can change take a bit
of a back backseat I just don't think
that in this case it's that's the
scenario Mossad is a good leader and I
think he's quite innovative and
forward-thinking and his strengths as
product development is what he does it
was good in that it was unanimous I also
wanted to do it in any case I didn't
feel like I was pushed into it as a
leader he is able to pull us through
together he has a good team and as the
team we are making it an easy task for
him to stand out and be the leader
leadership comes with its
responsibilities so you do understand
that if the team doesn't perform and if
you don't win the possibility is that
the judges may hold you accountable the
only way I approach it is to do the best
we can so as any leader would try to
energize the guys to keep the base to
work the goal of a leader is to win it
we must remember that there are
different types of leadership styles and
just because you're leading from the
front in terms of being in the front
does not necessarily mean that you're
not active leading from the back as well
tax too has been very interesting I
think it took all of us out of our
comfort zones
I just being rough and hash what I can
say we've got very good idea going I've
sold it everyone's bought on to it not a
matter for us to present it and sell it
to the judges Kate advocated you there
the idea was next
Kerry to the team for jumping on a net
that's for one thing we've done
exceptionally well agreeing with the
idea agreeing that this is what we are
going to do I think at the moment we're
having big big big challenges chill we
we haven't decided upon a narrow focus
it's still deviations from the time and
time again in terms of
suggestions made deviations from the
planets costing us we have come up with
a solution so we found the task quite
doable and we busy with it now I think
was a good collaboration between all of
us there were some things that that I
wanted to include that that weren't
included that I think should have been
included I think I think a bit further
at the box and then some of my other
teammates
I think police's stood out stood out to
me in a little bit of a bad way I think
sometimes she thinks too much in the box
and a lot of what she said was things
that have already been done there was
probably a weaker team member if we look
at the four of us palace' would always
come up with ideas that will not
necessarily have to do anything with
motor insurance with the tasks and you
know always have to remind her that no
how does this thing help the client by
ELISA is coming off a little but less
assertive and I don't think that she is
weak in general but it is making it
difficult to hear her out with all of us
talking at the moment
[Music]
my role in the team that I have been
doing is becoming more vocal about
questioning all the decisions that are
being made and it has assisted so I
think what's important from my
perspective is one understanding the
insurance value chain is is a given but
really the the crux is understanding the
contextual drivers what are the factors
that are external to the industry that
are driving change in the industry
that's really that the trick the view
has to be bigger than just the insurance
value chain you've got to understand the
global contextual factors that are
changing the industry and apply that so
the person that can draw that link quite
quickly is the team that better win I
think we got a great idea I think we
we're gonna structure it correctly we're
gonna present it well and we're gonna
sell it and this there's no easing from
that we constantly now in our deal we
constantly what we put together you got
to stick with your team good and bad and
that's what we're gonna do the idea is
still to win it will deal with with what
happens afterwards if we don't I think
of our team losers and a lot of the
pressure Falls and the neatest shoulders
because you obviously live the team to
that I think if we lose though then the
other team would have done really well
because I think ideas really good I'm
very confident and happy with the idea
that we have
welcome back before we get started what
is your group name fresh solutions now
once again I'd like to thank precious
and Discovery insured for sponsoring
this task or figure I'm the project
manager for fresh solutions I'm here
with my team I will be taking you
through the executive summary
according to statistics for every
hundred deaths that occur in South
Africa 33 of them are due to a fatal
motor accident to take it further 20% of
all motor vehicle accidents are caused
by driver fatigue we then believe that
we need a solution that can help drivers
to be more alert our solution is an app
which will monitor driver fatigue which
will then make a beep so that the driver
can be alert to our app monitors lane
deviation so that the moment the vehicle
starts to swerve off the lane it tells
the driver three it monitors the
surrounding environment our solution is
to reduce the road fatalities by using
technology and we believe that this is
what the client needs we have all heard
recently of the medical student who had
a fatal accident because of driver
fatigue we all know we need to take
breaks and this app will be able to
highlight that to you to say this is
when you're fatigued you've taken so
many miles please stop and rest and
you're not only endanger yourself but
other drivers on the road this doesn't
exist any way in the world I mean it
seems like a very simple solution I mean
I know that cars that do this
but timing timing so you think there's
no sort of Absolution to so as simple as
it is some of the best ideas are simple
and this simply brings everything
together one of the other leading causes
of accidents apparently is people using
their mobile phones I mean because what
it sounds like is you're using an app
how is this information being fed to you
without you usually if you think about
like a GPS the TomTom it's got that
thing that you put on your windscreen so
the camera actually can be used to then
look at your eyes to pick up your
fatigue and then it's a voice prompt so
it's a warning sound pong which is which
makes you then slow down we are going to
be using our making use of existing data
by data I mean Google with having a
dedicated division and a team that's
focused solely on this project means
that time will be decreased as well in
developing it what is the device that
collect that information is that the
mobile phone your actual phone itself
because obviously we work on the
technology and use the phone itself
teach you to how is it scanning in terms
of scan the road we're going to use also
the satellite so these satellites Google
Maps will ask for that permission we'll
be able to tell you the conditions of
the road in the current conditions have
you have you seen a photo from Google
Maps so if you if you went onto your
phone now and went to your home
addresses in real-time to have something
telling you that you're veering off
course in your lane or that there's a
pedestrian that stepped out in front of
you or somebody that stopped suddenly
I'm just not I'm not convinced that that
that can be done with a mobile
presents a new because this is a disrupt
so this is what we're thinking I hate on
if we if you remember when we started we
did say that twenty percent of the
accidents on the road are caused by
fatigue so our number one that's your
number one value proposition is the
ability to detect driver fatigue within
those statistics there might be a
certain demographic of driver that
suffers from fatigue long distance truck
drivers for instance who are I believe
not your clients at the moment so I
think we should actually end it here and
for lab Anita thank you you're dismissed
[Music]
the most exciting thing about what are
the corn sauce fresh solutions their
proposal was the line detection
environmental scan and and it's the
phone is not capable of doing those
things I think they thought well that
they just didn't have enough time to
think about the technology unpack that
so the only remaining thing was the
fatigue and I've found something here
which is an article from the independent
in the UK and there's an app called the
ante sleep pilot so the idea is already
there they they were trying too hard to
get to the presentation point without
focusing on what the big idea is you
know when I was quizzing Lisa about some
of these issues she's got she she got
quite defensive I didn't feel
comfortable with the interaction at
least they don't understand it enough to
unpack the details that we needed to
understand sir
yes some Cabello did quite well my
delivery is is is good finalists I think
she she diminished the work that the
team was doing during the presentation
[Music]
welcome back gasps hopefully for one of
you this won't be the last time you're
in this room could you tell me what the
name of your team is after the cube our
team leader for today has been Kurt
Stanley other consultants are Mick
cetera I myself Keith the problem that
we have found is that there is a delay
in the claims processing process from
point of impact and that the customer
experience in this Court and we would
like to improve the claims notification
authorization process by addressing
specific claims in efficiencies and
turnaround times based on the existing
discovery and shirt app and what that
ever currently allows and enhancing same
in terms of presentation you'll see that
we'll be bringing something to the
markets
that's no one currently has I want you
in simple terms explain how the device
and how the technology works so we have
a discovery ensure client who has
existing telematics in the vehicle so we
brainstormed and came up with idea why
not leverage off those telematics by
making a solution to a client with
matters critically
which is your claims processing time
people by implementation of this
technologies we want to give discovery
ensure the capabilities of possibly
settling and not a drivable vehicle
claim immediately as this sorry has this
technology being deployed for this
purpose anywhere else in the world
so yes the technology has at the moment
piezoelectric sensors are being and
nodes are being used in Europe etc which
is where we got the research from so
this is an unmatched claims experience
for the client reducing a claims
experience for a client by so much as
taking it down from 12 days to about 24
hours the breakdown is a
the 1500 is that the cost of the
material because the historians told him
so your car will drive in and they will
install that six verse six census in the
cost of that would be one point more
like installation of a trekker you go to
a garage they install the trekker and
there's a cost for that that is the cost
that were talked about being able to
position and give discovery the ability
to shorten the claims process and
thereby add significant value to their
client we believe will be market leading
want to thank you for your time thank
you thank you dismissed so you see in
comparison to fresh solutions I think
they understood technology move yeah it
seemed like a more workable solution
even though there were some citizen gaps
and in the costing and what the
technology exactly can do they they
understand the content but how they
presented and sell it it doesn't really
convince the the client I don't know
whether it was an element of nervousness
what I actually found quite interesting
is that the way they feel that the
questions was really great together as a
team they all had their own opportunity
to actually address the question so
there wasn't a sense of you know people
are being involved but my concern was
actually really about you know cut at
some point I think he became so nervous
and distrusting on the team that he
tried to I should take over and that I
think is the - from a leadership
perspective um what did you guys think
about Keith because he didn't any and
then he almost seemed like he went like
a long
so over to you guys it's the moment of
truth skies had quite a bit of time to
work through this task you've delivered
your presentations I want to commend you
you lifted your game slightly
unfortunately as I mentioned before
someone has to go home today
I'm going to hand over to precious now
so she can discuss the content of of the
presentations and I would agree that the
ideas were relatively innovative I mean
there are other things in terms of just
knowledge around the technology you know
one thing I thought was stronger in
terms of unpacking the technology and
how it work
it showed that there was more research
whereas another thing I think the idea
could have been better but they didn't
understand unpack the technology they
didn't have a good handle on it so if we
don't understand it then I mean your
concept basically Thank You precious for
you
Thank You precious Thank You Simon guys
I just want to say well done you you did
put a lot of effort I saw a lot of great
teamwork play you're all really together
you all engaged each other and
challenged each other as well because
that's also important executive summary
of that both teams really really well
done I think it actually did he's the
the feedback from the last task and and
did you research our accordingly and
then in terms of presentation skills are
also thinking it's better than it than
the last task you more confident thanks
for your if I can start with the guys
from out of the cube Curt you the the
leader today something happened
leadership roles changed
Keith handed over to you if this doesn't
work out for your team today are you
gonna take responsibility for that
I look at the team's performance as a
leader and individual contribution I
think the personal perhaps contributed
the least and perhaps from from an
influencer perspective was not part of
the rest of team was child and I give
that feedback Keith as the as the former
leader of this group who chickened out
in terms of that decision take it as the
laughing to the CEO or any company this
year isn't in history always the right
now toss the tongue so you say you see
yourself as a chief executive officer of
this terms of the competition I need to
to have confidence near ability over the
length alone right now so I see myself
as that and then this particular task
Curt showed willingness upfront to lead
the team after he'd come up with the
initial decision that we've all agreed
upon and he is showing some great
initiatives and add a great value and I
could see his passion coming through and
I thought he was around after the toss
yet in this regard who's the weakest
member of the team name unfortunately
are you still that's right that's what I
hear the team of fresh solutions if this
doesn't work out for your team I'd say
that it will depend on the reasons for
us losing the task I did show great
leadership I was able to get the team to
work well together so if you through
them as the leader would you say
deserves to go home I would say bye Lisa
based on the contributions that
everybody made and they're already
really played toward getting us here but
not that you did a bad job just that
relatively sure if she was the weakest
[Music]
the winning group for today's task
sponsored by Discovery insurer is out of
the cube police armed afraid this is
your last day
[Music]
the first one arts and very proud of
myself because I made it up to the top
aides and also the graph that I've
experienced with in between toss one and
toss two were exceptional and per se so
I'm very proud of myself